NETFLIX ET LEGENDARY PICTURES PRÉSENTENT
In the summer of 1973, a few miles outside of Austin, Texas,
Durant l'été 1973, à quelques kilomètres d'Austin, au Texas,
five youths were attacked in a grisly and gruesome fashion
cinq jeunes gens furent attaqués de manière atroce
by an unidentified madman.
par un psychopathe non identifié.
The shocking murders were committed with a variety of tools,
La tuerie fut commise à l'aide de différents outils :
including hammers, meat hooks, and most disturbingly, a chainsaw.
marteaux, crochets à viande et surtout, une tronçonneuse.
There's an image in my mind that'll never go away.
Cette image me hantera à tout jamais.
Of the five young victims, only one survived, Sally Hardesty,
Sur les cinq victimes, une seule survécut, Sally Hardesty.
who after telling her story to the police,
Après avoir parlé à la police,
never again spoke of the horrors she saw that day.
elle ne raconta plus jamais les horreurs qu'elle avait vues.
After hearing Hardesty's account,
Sur les déclarations de Hardesty,
officials released this composite picture of the killer.
la police publia ce portrait du tueur.
Everybody was terrified.
On avait tous peur.
He is said to have worn a mask made of human skin.
On raconte qu'il portait un masque en peau humaine.
However, his true identity remains a mystery.
Cependant, sa véritable identité reste un mystère.
For the next hour, we'll take you on a journey
Pendant une heure, nous allons vous faire voyager
into one of Texas's most famous unsolved murders.
à travers l'une des plus grandes énigmes du Texas.
♪ I'm from San Benito, Texas... ♪
Okay, that's $18.99,
Ça fait 18,99 $,
unless I can interest you in a shirt or two.
sauf si un T-shirt t'intéresse.
Okay. There you go.
OK. Voilà.
Whatever happened to her?
Elle est devenue quoi ?
Is she still alive?
Toujours en vie ?
She became a ranger here in Texas.
Elle est devenue ranger ici, au Texas.
She must have looked for that maniac for more than 30, 40 years.
Elle a cherché ce taré pendant plus de 30 ou 40 ans.
So she... she found him?
Elle l'a retrouvé ?
He was wearing a mask.
Il portait un masque.
Not easy to locate someone if you don't know what they look like.
Dur de trouver un type dont on ignore le visage.
Hey, sis, there you are.
Hé, sœurette, te voilà.
Yeah, right where you left me, weirdo.
Ouais, j'ai pas bougé.
Hey, hey, hey. Look, look, look, look.
Attends ! Regarde.
Something for your champagne later. You know, you don't actually need a corkscrew for champagne.
Pour ton champagne, plus tard.
Pas besoin de tire-bouchon.
Come on. We've gotta beat the bus.
Allez, le bus va arriver.
Where y'all headed, if you don't mind me asking?
Vous allez où ? Si je peux me permettre.
Uh, Harlow?
Euh, à Harlow.
- Oh. I heard about you. - You did?
- Je vous connais. - Oh ?
Everybody has.
Comme tout le monde.
- Y'all have a nice day now. - Thank you.
- Allez, bonne journée. - Merci.
Gentri-fuckers.
Bobos de mes deux.
Here.
Tiens.
Where's Dante?
Où est Dante ?
Uh...
Success! Found a pocket of cell signal over yonder.
J'ai réussi ! Ça capte un peu, là-bas.
Mm-hmm.
So, apparently, the bus took a wrong turn like 20 miles back,
Le bus a fait 30 bornes dans l'autre sens,
but we're back on track now.
mais on est pas loin.
We're fine. We're solid.
Ça roule. On assure.
Let's get on the road. Let's go. Let's go.
Allez, en route.
Look at this guy.
Vise-moi ce type.
Who has such a small dick
Il a une si petite bite
they need to walk around in public with a fucking gun?
qu'il a besoin de déballer l'artillerie ?
Like, I mean, is he compensating for something? I mean... Come on, Mel.
Il compense un truc, ou quoi ? Je veux dire…
Allons, Mel.
- Melody, don't. - What? I'm just saying.
Melody, arrête.
Je dis ça comme ça.
Excuse me, ma'am.
Excusez-moi, madame.
What?
Pardon ?
See, we're plagued by feral hogs around these parts.
Ça grouille de cochons sauvages, dans le coin.
And the only way to deal with an invasive species
Et le seul moyen de chasser ces parasites,
is to eradicate them.
c'est de les éradiquer.
On sight.
À vue.
Okay. Okay. Let's go before she gets us all killed.
Partons avant que tu nous fasses tuer.
Come on, girls. Let's go.
Allons-y.
Sorry if a big gun makes you uncomfortable.
Navré si un gros flingue vous met mal à l'aise.
I've seen bigger.
J'ai vu plus gros.
♪ Well, one of these days Gonna pay the road ♪
♪ Yeah, one of these days Gonna run for fun ♪
♪ Yeah, one of these days When you're all alone ♪
PILOTAGE AUTOMATIQUE ACTIVÉ
♪ Out back wishing for The grass to grow, oh... ♪
NE TIREZ PAS
ON NE VOUS OUBLIERA JAMAIS
Hey. I'm really sorry about that back there.
Je suis vraiment désolée, pour tout à l'heure.
You don't need me getting mad on your behalf.
Pas besoin de m'énerver à ta place.
It's whatever.
C'est rien.
Anyway, I'm super happy you came.
Je suis contente que tu sois venue.
Mel, check out our post. It's blowing up.
Regarde notre publication. Elle cartonne.
Hey, guys. Today is the day!
Salut, c'est le grand jour !
We're finally giving birth to this crazy dream Mel and I had.
Mel et moi réalisons enfin notre rêve.
A real change is here, so thank you all.
C'est un vrai changement, alors merci à tous.
Can't wait to see you in Harlow.
Rendez-vous à Harlow !
Oh, it's gonna be great. Think about it.
Ça va être génial. Imagine.
We can own all of this, call it "Dantopia."
Tout ça sera à nous. On l'appellera "Dantopia".
What?
Hein ?
What? Dantopia.
Bah, quoi ? Dantopia.
How long have you been sitting on that?
T'as mis du temps à trouver ça ?
Like the last 48 hours.
Disons, 48 heures.
I get it. Dante and Utop... You're combining the words.
Pigé. Dante et Utop… T'as mélangé des deux.
- I was just joking. - I see what... What the fuck?
- Je plaisantais. - Je vois… Putain !
What's wrong with him?
Il est dingue ?
Look, Melody, it's your boyfriend.
C'est ton petit copain, Melody.
- What a fucking psycho. - Texas mating ritual.
Putain de taré.
Seriously, what is wrong with that guy?
- Rituel d'accouplement texan. - Un vrai cinglé !
He's just a fucking coal roller.
Encore un pollueur à la con.
Oh, great, they don't pull over the psycho, but they stop us?
Super, le barjot peut passer, mais pas nous ?
- Put your hands where they can see 'em. - That's not funny.
- Gardez les mains en évidence. - C'est pas drôle.
There's a 10-12 at the location.
On a un 10-12 sur les lieux.
Copy that.
Bien reçu.
Howdy.
Bonjour.
Hey, how you doing? I'm Dante Spivey.
Comment ça va ? Je m'appelle Dante Spivey.
You're the cook.
Le cuistot.
The chef. Uh, we both are.
Le chef. On l'est tous les deux.
- Hi. - And who else you have in there?
- Salut. - Et les autres ?
Well, this is my future wife.
Voici ma future femme.
And my sister back here.
Et ma sœur.
Is everything okay?
Tout va bien ?
I know you got a lot of folks coming through,
On a une sacrée clique en ville,
so me and my deputy are gonna hang around
alors on va ouvrir l'œil,
to make sure y'all stay out of trouble.
histoire de vous éviter les ennuis.
Call me if there are any issues.
Appelez-moi, si besoin.
Sure. We have your number, and, uh, we thank you for your service, sir.
Oui. On a votre numéro, merci pour tout, monsieur.
Let's just go.
Allons-y.
Listen, some of us were born here, you know.
Écoutez, certains d'entre nous sont nés ici.
Saw it in its prime.
J'ai connu son époque dorée.
So please, be respectful for the town.
Alors, respectez cette ville.
We will, sir.
Promis, monsieur.
Melody, what are you doing?
Melody, tu fais quoi, là ?
You know, our... our grandmother was actually from around here.
Notre grand-mère était du coin.
You know, "When Harlow sunflower blooms..."
Vous savez : "Quand le tournesol de Harlow fleurit…"
"Winter is doomed."
"L'hiver est condamné."
Yeah.
Oui.
Okay.
Welcome to Harlow.
Bienvenue à Harlow.
Thank you.
Merci.
Woo!
Finally, we made it. Welcome to Harlow.
Enfin, on y est. Bienvenue à Harlow.
Behold the joys of late-stage capitalism. Woo!
La beauté du capitalisme en phase terminale.
Oh!
Holy shit, babe. This is amazing.
Purée, c'est incroyable.
So Harlow is a ghost town.
Harlow est une ville fantôme ?
Yes, but we have a vision for this place.
Oui, mais on a des projets pour elle.
All it needs is young blood,
Il lui faut du sang neuf,
people like us, tired of the big city, looking for a fresh start.
des citadins fatigués prêts à tout reprendre à zéro.
Dante, for what we were paying to park the food trucks in Austin,
Pour le prix de la place du camion à Austin,
we get the whole corner over there. That is insane.
on a tout ce coin, là-bas. C'est fou.
Our restaurant will be first,
Le restaurant ouvrira
and we have to just inspire more people to follow.
et ensuite, tout le monde suivra.
- We will. - We definitely will.
- Sûr. - Absolument.
This space would be perfect for my art gallery.
Ici, ce serait parfait pour ma galerie d'art.
Lila, look, we could put a comic book store in here or something... cool.
Lila, on pourrait ouvrir un magasin de BD, ici.
Lit.
Cool.
This is a chance for people to start fresh somewhere
Chacun pourrait repartir à zéro,
without the violence and the madness.
sans la violence ni la folie.
Somewhere safe.
En sécurité.
Okay. And, I mean, seven hours by car?
OK, avec sept heures de route ?
I guess I can say goodbye to my friends forever.
Je peux dire adieu à mes amis.
Oh Christ.
Nom d'un chien.
What is he doing here?
Que fait-il ici ?
Excuse me.
Excusez-moi.
Oh shit, sorry, uh, Richter. We spoke on the phone.
Oh merde, désolé, Richter. On s'est parlé au téléphone.
- Yeah. - Dante.
- Ouais. - Dante.
Hey.
Uh, Richter's our contractor, Mel.
Richter est notre entrepreneur.
Gave your buildings a facelift,
J'ai retapé au mieux les bâtiments,
about all I can do in a week.
pendant une semaine.
It looks good for the auction. Thank you.
Ça ira pour les enchères. Merci.
You're planning to sell these?
Vous comptez les vendre ?
- Oh yeah, we will. - Mm-hmm.
Oui.
All right.
Super.
So you guys are what? Like, a cult?
Vous êtes quoi ? Une secte ?
We are idealistic individuals who want to build a better world.
Juste des idéalistes qui veulent construire un monde meilleur.
Yeah, that's a cult.
Ouais, une secte, quoi.
- What? - It's all right, not judging.
- Pardon ? - C'est bon, je juge pas.
Just pay me. We're good.
Payez-moi, c'est tout.
Hey guys, you should, uh... you should see this.
Hé, vous devriez venir voir ça.
What? - Oh... - Oh shit.
- Quoi ? - Oh, merde.
What?
Quoi ?
Are you serious?
Sérieux ?
- Newsflash, we're in deep Texas. - I don't care.
- Scoop, on est au Texas. - Je m'en fiche.
We have a bus full of potential investors on the way.
On attend un bus rempli d'investisseurs.
They see this flag, they're not gonna buy.
Avec ce drapeau, c'est foutu.
- Trust me. - I'm getting the cowboy.
Je vais chercher ce type.
Mel, help me.
Mel, aide-moi.
I'll just be here.
Je vous attends là.
ORPHELINAT DE HARLOW DEPUIS 1925
Hmm...
Um, I'm going upstairs.
Je monte.
Look at this place. It's weird.
Regarde-moi cet endroit. Trop bizarre.
Ah, shit.
Putain.
ORPHELINAT DE HARLOW, 1975
Damn, I couldn't reach it.
J'ai pas réussi à l'atteindre.
- Oh shit. Well, what are we going to do? - Let's just wait for the contractor.
- Merde, on fait quoi ? - Attendons l'entrepreneur.
What are you doing in our house?
Que faites-vous chez nous ?
Uh, I'm sorry. I didn't realize...
Désolé. Je ne savais pas…
We thought this place was empty.
On croyait que c'était inhabité.
Oh, you're the new neighbors, aren't you?
Vous êtes les nouveaux voisins, non ?
Uh...
Wish I'd known y'all were coming.
Vous auriez dû me prévenir.
I'd have put my face on.
Je me serais faite belle.
Sweet tea?
Un thé glacé ?
I've been running this orphanage for nearly 50 years.
J'ai dirigé cet orphelinat pendant presque 50 ans.
I've housed boys and girls in need of a loving home,
J'ai hébergé des garçons et des filles en quête d'un foyer,
and troubled teens that needed me to show 'em mercy for their ways.
des adolescents perturbés qui avaient besoin de ma compassion.
Please.
Buvez.
Ma'am, the bank, um, reclaimed this property months ago.
Madame, la banque a récupéré cette propriété il y a des mois.
You're not supposed to be here.
Ce n'est plus chez vous.
You talking about that whole mix up with the bank?
Vous voulez parler de ce quiproquo avec la banque ?
That's been settled.
C'est réglé.
I paid everything I owed. This is still our house.
J'ai payé tout ce que je devais. C'est toujours notre maison.
You're wrong. I'm sorry, but...
C'est faux. Navré, mais…
I've got a title that says otherwise.
J'ai un document qui dit le contraire.
Do you mind if we see that?
Vous nous le montrez ?
I don't have to show you anything.
Je n'y suis pas obligée.
- That's because you don't have it. - Dante, don't.
- Donc, vous ne l'avez pas. - Arrête.
What? Was this about my flag?
Quoi ? C'est à cause de mon drapeau ?
You got me all wrong.
Vous vous méprenez.
I've taken care of many boys like you over the years.
J'ai accueilli beaucoup de garçons comme vous au fil des années.
I don't have a problem with Negroes.
Je n'ai rien contre votre espèce.
Okay. Fuck this.
OK. Je vous emmerde.
You watch your mouth, boy.
Votre langage, jeune homme.
You watch yours.
Le vôtre d'abord.
Where are you going?
Tu vas où ?
Let the cops deal with her. I don't have time for this.
Les flics géreront. Pas le temps pour ça.
I'm getting the sheriff.
J'appelle le shérif.
It's not what you think.
Vous vous trompez.
That flag belonged to my great granddaddy.
Ce drapeau appartenait à mon arrière-grand-père.
It reminds me of him.
Ça me fait penser à lui.
I haven't given it much thought.
Je n'y ai pas vraiment réfléchi.
I... I understand your friend.
Je comprends votre ami.
I wish I could help you, but you can't be here.
J'aimerais vous aider, mais ce n'est plus chez vous.
There are shelters for the elderly, and...
Il y a des foyers pour personnes âgées et…
Shelter? I'm not going anywhere.
Un foyer ? Je n'irai nulle part.
I told you. This is our house.
Je vous l'ai dit. C'est notre maison.
Look, you'll be safer in a home and better taken care of.
Vous y serez en sécurité, on prendra soin de vous.
A woman your age shouldn't be on her own.
À votre âge, on ne reste pas seule.
Baby, I'm fine. I'm all right.
Mon chéri, c'est rien. Je vais bien.
Just go back to your room.
Retourne dans ta chambre.
He's the last of my boys.
C'est le dernier de mes garçons.
He needs special care.
Il est spécial.
He doesn't do well outside, you understand that?
Dehors, il est inadapté, compris ?
It's why I can't ever leave here.
Je ne peux donc pas partir.
Christ, Ginny, why are you still here?
Ginny, t'es encore là ?
What have you done?
Qu'avez-vous fait ?
Virginia, we told you weeks ago.
Virginia, tu le savais.
She ain't listening. Let's get her outta here.
Elle n'écoute pas. Sortons-la d'ici.
- We'll talk about it outside. - Come on. Let's go.
- On en parlera dehors. - Allez.
Take it easy.
Doucement.
I barely touched her.
Je l'ai pas touchée.
Oh my God. What is happening? We need to call an ambulance.
Mon Dieu ! Que se passe-t-il ? Il faut appeler une ambulance.
We are the ambulance.
C'est nous, l'ambulance.
It's all right. It's her boy.
Pas de souci. C'est son fils.
Grab the oxygen. Put her in the van.
Prends l'oxygène. Mets-la dans le fourgon.
She's having a heart attack.
Elle fait une crise cardiaque.
The check... It was... Please...
Le chèque… c'était… pitié…
Hey, hey, what did you do?
Il se passe quoi ?
We'll get you to the hospital in no time. Just hold on.
On t'emmène à l'hôpital. Tiens bon.
Shit. The bus is here.
Merde. Le bus est là.
Fuck.
Putain.
I'm going with her.
Je l'accompagne.
No, Melody, no, no, no. I'll go with her. I'll go.
Non, Melody. Je l'accompagne.
What?
Quoi ?
Everyone's expecting to see the two of you.
Ils viennent pour vous deux.
She'll be okay.
Elle ira bien.
Come on.
Allez.
- Christ. - Somebody needs to.
Bon sang.
It can't be Melody, can't be you.
Quelqu'un doit y aller. Ni Melody ni toi.
You need to focus on this. I'll be back as soon as I can.
Reste concentré. Je reviendrai vite.
Okay. Please just make sure she's all right.
OK. Assure-toi qu'elle s'en sorte.
Thank you. You're an angel.
Merci. T'es un ange.
Let's move.
On y va.
Here's your flag.
Voilà votre drapeau.
Come on, Mel. We'll get somebody to clean that up.
Viens. On trouvera quelqu'un pour nettoyer.
Did that not feel like a bad omen to you?
C'est pas un mauvais présage ?
This place is cursed now.
C'est maudit, ici.
Please, this is not...
Je t'en prie, arrête…
I don't need this right now, so... it's all good.
C'est pas le moment.
If you move here, I'm moving back with Dad.
Je te jure, je rentre chez papa.
No, you're not.
Non.
I... I don't want to live here. Your whole idea is insane.
Je veux pas vivre ici. C'est ridicule.
- You don't know what you want. - Okay, and you do?
- Tu ne sais pas ce que tu veux. - OK, et toi ?
Uh, I know you need me, and you can't take care of yourself.
Je sais que t'as besoin que je m'occupe de toi.
Wait.
Attends.
Why did I...?
Bon sang…
Honestly, the bank could've never dreamed of selling these
La banque n'aurait jamais pu vendre tout ça
without your help, Dante.
sans vous, Dante.
- Thank you for trusting us. - It's amazing.
- Merci d'y avoir cru. - Génial.
Absolutely. Um...
C'est vrai.
Mel! Mel! Catherine, come here.
Mel ! Catherine, par ici.
This is Catherine, you know, from the bank. She made all this possible.
Voici Catherine, de la banque.
On lui doit tout.
Finally. It's nice to meet you.
Enfin ! Ravie de vous rencontrer.
You know, everyone is super excited. You guys did a great job promoting this.
On est tous super impatients. Vous avez fait une belle promo.
Yeah, just needs a fresh coat of paint.
Il manque un coup de peinture.
Oh no, it is perfect like this.
Oh non, c'est parfait comme ça.
These people want the wear-down. You know, the history?
Ils aiment l'ancien. Vous voyez, le vécu ?
Yeah. Absolutely. Yeah.
Oui. Absolument.
- This is going to be great. - Yeah.
- Ça va être génial. - Oui.
I'm just going to start setting up, so... Okay.
Je dois commencer à tout installer, alors…
Is she all right?
Elle va bien ?
Yeah, I think the heat's just getting to her a bit.
Oui, juste un petit coup de chaleur.
It's so hot out here.
On crève, ici.
- Probably needed a little water. - Yeah. It's hot.
- Déshydratation. - Oui. Il fait chaud.
How's she doing?
Comment va-t-elle ?
Baby, who's the good boy I taught you to be?
Mon chéri, c'est qui le gentil petit garçon ?
Stay out of my room.
N'entre pas dans ma chambre.
Shit.
Merde.
Sheriff, I think she croaked.
Shérif, elle a clamsé, je crois.
Son of a bitch.
Bordel.
Oh my God.
Oh, mon Dieu !
Hey.
No!
Non !
What the hell's going on?
C'était quoi, ça ?
Oh my God!
Oh, mon Dieu !
And sold to Candace Brady of Brady's Brunch.
Vendu à Candace, de Brady's Brunch.
Aw! I love brunch. That's great.
Oh ! J'adore le brunch. Génial.
Well, this was built in 1910,
Elle a été construite en 1910,
and once counted President Howard Taft as a distinguished guest.
et le président Howard Taft y a même résidé.
Got a high chance of thunderstorms, lightning, and heavy rain.
On s'attend à des orages, des éclairs et des averses.
Stay dry out there.
Restez bien au sec.
So, Richter...
Alors, Richter…
why are you such a nihilist?
pourquoi être si nihiliste ?
A what?
Si quoi ?
I mean, anyone who blasts diesel into the atmosphere like that
Eh bien, balancer de l'essence dans l'atmosphère,
truly gives zero fucks about, like, anything.
c'est se foutre royalement de tout.
I'm a Texan.
Je suis un Texan.
I don't like people telling me what to do,
J'aime pas recevoir d'ordres,
especially smug, self-righteous, rich, city folk.
surtout de la part de bobos arrogants et moralisateurs.
Is it loaded?
Il est chargé ?
Ever shot one before?
Déjà craché du plomb ?
No.
Non.
Been shot at.
Je m'en suis pris.
Drunk dad?
Papa bourré ?
Stonebrook High.
Lycée Stonebrook.
That must be tough, living with that.
Ça doit être dur de vivre avec ça.
I mean...
Je veux dire…
Everyone expects me to do something special with my life now,
On s'attend à ce que je mène une vie extraordinaire, maintenant,
and I can only disappoint them.
mais je peux que les décevoir.
My friends were the special ones.
Mes amis étaient extraordinaires.
Not me.
Pas moi.
Please stick around for music and drinks.
Ne ratez pas la musique et l'alcool.
We have a lot to celebrate. Thank you all so much.
On a beaucoup de choses à fêter. Merci à tous.
LA VIEILLE VIENT DE MOURIR… !
Come on, Mel. Have a drink with me. We did it. We did it. What a dream.
Allez, Mel. Viens prendre un verre. On a réalisé notre rêve.
What?
Quoi ?
Damn.
Purée.
Damn? That's... That's all you have to say?
Purée ? C'est tout ce que t'as à dire ?
We just killed her.
On l'a tuée.
Heart disease killed her. Mel.
C'était une crise cardiaque, Mel.
Where you going, Mel?
Où tu vas ?
I'm getting Lila and taking her out of here. Okay?
Je pars emmener Lila loin d'ici.
This just doesn't feel right anymore.
C'est allé trop loin, là.
Wait. Wait. Mel, this wasn't our fault. Mel!
Attends. Mel, c'était pas notre faute.
Lila?
Lila ?
Where's my sister?
Où est ma sœur ?
We're leaving.
On s'en va.
Okay.
OK.
Really? That guy? Are you kidding me?
Sérieux, lui ? C'est une blague ?
- You think I fucked him? - I don't know. Did you?
- Tu crois qu'on a baisé ? - Alors ?
I just used the bathroom.
J'étais aux WC.
I know you think I'm a total train wreck, but give me a break. Please.
Tu me prends pour une épave, mais lâche-moi.
I'm sorry.
Je suis désolée.
The old lady died.
Elle est morte.
I really need you to leave with me right now. Okay?
Tu dois absolument te tirer d'ici avec moi.
Can you do that, please?
C'est d'accord ?
Okay. Yeah. Yeah, I can do that.
Ouais, c'est d'accord.
Put that shit out.
Éteins cette merde.
Hello.
Allô ?
Hello, please.
S'il vous plaît.
Is anybody there?
Y a quelqu'un ?
Please.
Je vous en prie.
I am hurt. I have been in an accident.
Je suis blessée. J'ai eu un accident.
Please, I'm on Route 74, outside Harlow.
Je suis sur la route 74, près de Harlow.
Oh my God.
Oh, mon Dieu !
Oh my God. He's... He's cutting...
Il est… Il a coupé…
He's wearing her face.
Il porte son visage.
No, no. Shh. Please.
Non. S'il vous plaît.
You sure you're not gonna stay for the party?
Vous êtes sûre de ne pas rester ?
- Yeah, I'm just not really feeling well. - Okay.
- Oui, je me sens pas bien. - OK.
Just the heat, you know?
La chaleur.
- Yeah. - Take the car. I'll take the bus back.
Vas-y en voiture, moi en bus.
Wait. What the fuck? What the...
Vous faites quoi, là ?
- Hey! - Hey. What?
What the fuck are you doing?
Vous foutez quoi ?
Heard you killed that lady.
Vous avez tué cette dame.
We didn't kill anybody. She was trespassing on our property.
C'est faux. Elle se trouvait dans notre propriété.
You sure that was your property? Huh? Looked like she disagreed.
Votre propriété, hein ? Elle avait pas l'air trop d'accord.
Please just give us back the keys.
On veut juste les clés.
Give me the keys.
Donnez-moi les clés.
Show me you have the deed to that house, you'll have them back.
Montrez-moi l'acte de propriété, et je vous les rends.
I'll be in the shop.
Je serai à l'atelier.
That fucking guy.
Quel connard.
Just give him what he wants.
Donnez-lui ce qu'il veut.
- Let's keep the bank out of this. - Please tell me you have it.
- Pas un mot à la banque. - Dis-moi que tu l'as.
I do. I have it.
Oui. Je l'ai.
Then where is it?
Alors, où est-il ?
It... It must be at the office. Back in Austin.
J'ai dû le laisser au bureau. À Austin.
Dante.
Some deeds took longer than others to process.
Parfois, la procédure prend du temps.
Tell me we didn't kick her out of her own house.
On l'a pas chassée de chez elle ?
We didn't. I'm telling you. It must be back at the office.
Non. Je te l'ai dit. Il doit être au bureau.
Hey, if that's true, then it can't be in the house, right?
Si c'est vrai, il peut pas être dans la maison, non ?
All right, you stay here. Let's go.
Reste ici. Allons-y.
Hey, wait, can you just relax for a second?
Tu peux te détendre une seconde ?
I'll never relax until I'm sure we're on the right side of this.
Je me détendrai quand j'aurai l'esprit serein.
- I'm coming with. - No, please.
- Je viens. - Non.
Just do what I tell you?
Tu peux m'écouter ?
- Why do I have to stay with these people? - Please just stay.
- Et rester avec ces gens ? - S'il te plaît.
Come on, let's go.
Allons-y.
This is bullshit.
Quelle connerie !
Hey there, I'm calling for Hardesty.
Je voudrais parler à Hardesty.
Sure, I'll hold.
OK, j'attends.
This is Hardesty.
Hardesty.
You look down here. I'll check upstairs.
Regarde en bas. Je vérifie en haut.
Okay...
Is that it?
C'est ça ?
TITRE DE PROPRIÉTÉ DU TEXAS
Da... Dante?
Dante ?
Mel?
Mel ?
I hope everyone is having a great time out there.
J'espère que tout le monde s'amuse bien.
We've gotten lots done!
On a fait du bon boulot.
This town is ours! DJ...
Cette ville est à nous ! DJ…
Okay, everybody on the bus.
OK, tout le monde dans le bus.
Party continues on the bus.
On continue à l'intérieur.
Get in the bus. Everyone in the bus.
Allez, tout le monde dans le bus.
To Harlow!
À Harlow !
Has anyone seen Dante? I'll go get him.
Vous avez vu Dante ? Je vais le chercher.
Let me top you off there.
Laisse-moi te servir.
Dante?
Dante ?
Hey.
What were you doing in that house?
Vous foutiez quoi là-bas ?
Hey, I'm talking to you.
Hé, je vous parle.
Don't walk away from me.
Me tournez pas le dos.
Hey, man, you okay?
Tout va bien ?
Here, I gotcha. I got you.
Je suis là, je vous tiens.
What happened to him?
Qu'est-ce qu'il a ?
Oh my God.
Oh, mon Dieu !
Who did this to you, huh?
Qui vous a fait ça ?
Hold on. Hey, don't let go. Don't let go.
Tenez bon. Me lâchez pas.
Oh my God.
Oh, mon Dieu !
Call the cops. You hear me?
Appelez les flics. Compris ?
Keep everyone on the bus.
Personne ne sort du bus.
- Go on. - Okay.
- Allez-y. - OK.
Go on now.
Maintenant.
Shut the door. Keep it closed.
Verrouillez la porte.
What happened?
Pourquoi ?
I don't know. Just keep the door closed.
J'en sais rien. Mais fermez la porte.
What the fuck?
Bordel.
Ah!
We have a report of a dead body in Harlow.
On signale un cadavre à Harlow.
Come on, Naiman, you there?
Naiman, tu m'entends ?
You're the only guys I have in a 50-mile radius.
J'ai que vous deux à moins de 80 bornes.
We need an officer in Harlow.
Il nous faut un agent à Harlow.
Please respond.
Répondez.
I fear no evil. I fear no evil.
Je ne crains pas le mal.
Stay in your seat, please.
Reste assise, s'il te plaît.
- What's happening? - Just trust me.
- Il se passe quoi ? - Écoute-moi.
Stay in your seat.
Reste assise.
- Please open the door. - Don't.
- Ouvrez la porte. - Non.
Fuck this.
Fait chier.
Where are you going?
Où vas-tu ?
Melody? Mel?
Melody ? Mel ?
Oh my...
Oh, non…
Mel?
- No. No, Lila. - Melody?
- Non, Lila. - Melody ?
Mel? Melody? Mel?
Mel ? Melody ?
- Melody! Melody? - Lila!
- Melody ? - Lila !
Lila, go!
Lila, va-t'en !
Oh my God. Melody.
Oh, mon Dieu ! Melody.
Help! Lila! Lila! Help!
Lila ! Au secours !
I got you. Come on. Come on.
Je suis là. Viens.
Melody?
Melody !
Wait.
Attends.
Run!
Cours !
Wake up. Wake up!
Réveillez-vous !
What happened?
Il se passe quoi ?
Fucking drive! Drive!
Roule, putain ! Allez !
Whoa, are you okay?
Ça va ?
Wait. Wait. What the fuck is happening?
Attends. Qu'est-ce qui se passe, putain ?
Melody?
Melody !
Fuck.
Putain.
Get us out of here.
Sortez-nous d'ici.
Let's go! Let's go!
Allez !
Go this way.
Par ici.
Come on. Keep going.
Continuez.
No, no, no, no, no, no, no. Don't stop. No, no, no, no.
Non. Faut pas s'arrêter.
Don't open the... Dude, where are you going?
N'ouvrez pas. Où allez-vous ?
What's happening? - No, no, no. - Melody?
- Que se passe-t-il ? Melody ? - Non…
This party is really good, right?
D'enfer, cette fête.
You okay?
Ça va ?
Run.
Fuyez.
No.
Non.
Look at this freak show.
Oh putain, la tronche.
Bro, what are you doing?
Mec, un problème ?
Try anything and you're canceled, bro.
Vas-y, et t'auras un sale buzz.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, merde.
Oh God!
J'AI VU PLUS FLIPPANT 4/10
QUOI, C'EST POUR DE VRAI ?!?
QUI A ENGAGÉ CE GUIGNOL ?
C'EST OÙ ? JE VEUX Y ALLER !
TROP BIDON
Get up.
Debout.
Lila! Lila, get up. I got you.
Lila ! Debout. Je suis là.
Look.
Ah!
Melody?
Melody ?
- Melody? - Lila, I can't.
- Melody ? - Lila, je peux pas.
Fuck!
Putain !
Come on, Melody. You gotta!
Allez, Melody !
Come on, Melody. Holy shit!
Allez. Putain de merde !
Come on. Melody, come on, please.
Melody, s'il te plaît.
Oh my God!
Oh, mon Dieu !
Come on! Come on!
Ta main !
I got you. Come on.
Je te tiens. Viens.
We gotta get down. Lila, let's go!
Faut qu'on descende, Lila !
Melody, I got you. Come on.
Melody, je te tiens. Allez !
- Help! - Oh my God. Help. Help!
- À l'aide ! - Oh, mon Dieu ! Au secours !
Come on. Get in the back.
Montez. À l'arrière.
Thank you. Thank you. Thank you.
Merci.
He just... He killed... Dante.
Il a… Il a tué Dante.
It's him, isn't it?
C'est lui, hein ?
He killed everyone.
Il a tué tout le monde.
Leatherface.
What? What? Please drive.
Quoi ? Roulez.
What are you doing? What?
Qu'est-ce que vous faites ?
- Drive! - Please, go!
- Roulez ! - Allez !
Fifty years I've been waiting for this night.
J'attends cette nuit depuis 50 ans.
Just to see him again.
Pour le revoir.
She locked us in.
C'est verrouillé.
Please drive. You have to let us out of here.
Pitié, roulez. Sortez-nous d'ici.
I'm sorry, I can't.
Désolée, je peux pas.
Looks like it's you that he wants.
C'est vous, qu'il veut.
You need to stay until I kill him.
Vous devez rester là jusqu'à ce que je le tue.
- No, no, no. - No, please. Please, no!
- Non. - Non, s'il vous plaît, pitié !
Please, please, help.
Aidez-nous !
No, don't. What? No.
Pitié, non !
No, please. Please, please, please let us out!
Laissez-nous sortir d'ici !
Please. No!
Pitié. Non !
No! No! Don't leave! No!
Ne partez pas ! Non !
No, please. No! No, you can't.
Non, vous n'avez pas le droit.
You can't leave us. No!
Vous ne pouvez pas nous abandonner !
No. What the fuck?
Putain de merde !
Turn around.
Retourne-toi.
Kirk, Pamela, Jerry, and Franklin.
Kirk, Pamela, Jerry et Franklin.
Say my name.
Tu connais mon nom.
Say you know me.
Et qui je suis.
Say you know what you did to my friends.
Rappelle-toi ce que tu as fait à mes amis.
You don't remember me.
Tu m'as oubliée.
Fuck.
Bordel.
You know, I was supposed to die in the school that day.
Tu sais, j'étais censée mourir au lycée, ce jour-là.
So death followed me here.
La mort m'a suivie ici.
Death... Look at me.
La mort… Regarde-moi.
I'm not going to let him kill you, okay? I prom...
Je ne le laisserai pas te tuer. Promis.
No! No!
Remember me now?
Et là, tu te souviens de moi ?
I'm the one that got away,
J'avais réussi à t'échapper,
and I'm here to make sure you don't.
et je vais m'assurer que t'y restes.
Motherfucker.
Fils de pute.
Get the fuck out of here.
Barrez-vous.
Come on.
On se tire.
What are you doing?
Qu'est-ce que tu fous ?
- Put your seat belt on. - Fuck.
- Boucle ta ceinture. - Putain.
Fuck you!
Je t'emmerde !
ATELIER DE PNEUS
Oh my God.
Oh, merde.
- Fuck. Oh God. I... - Oh, Melody.
- Putain. Je… - Melody.
No, don't touch it. Oh, I can't.
Touche pas. Je peux pas.
I can't.
J'y arrive pas.
Melody, he's coming.
Il arrive.
- Lila. Lila, listen. Listen. - No, come on. I gotta get you out of this.
- Lila, écoute-moi. - Arrête. Je vais te sortir de là.
- I can get you out. - Listen. Listen!
- Promis. - Écoute !
He's gonna kill me right now. I'm sorry, there's no other way.
Il vient pour me tuer. Désolée, je suis foutue.
But you, you have to run.
Mais toi, tu dois fuir.
No. I can't.
Pas question.
I don't have anyone else. I can't leave you.
Je n'ai que toi. Je peux pas t'abandonner.
Yes, you can.
Si, tu peux.
You're the strongest person I know, okay?
Tu es plus forte que quiconque.
You never needed me.
T'as pas besoin de moi.
You can do this. You just have to fucking run.
Tu vas y arriver. Tire-toi, c'est tout.
Fucking run.
Va-t'en.
Run!
Tire-toi !
I'm sorry.
Pardon.
For what I did to your mama.
Pour ce que j'ai fait à ta mère.
She didn't deserve that.
Elle ne méritait pas ça.
Hey, Leatherfuck.
Hé, face de cul.
Shit.
Merde.
Lila!
Lila !
No!
Non !
Lila?
Lila ?
Lila! Lila?
Thank you. Thank you.
Merci.
Don't run.
Ne cours pas.
Ne t'enfuis pas.
If you run...
Si tu fuis…
he'll never stop haunting you.
il te hantera à jamais.
Lila!
Lila !
Lila.
Lila! Lila, help me!
Lila, à l'aide !
Oh, fuck.
Merde.
Lila. Lila, where are you?
Lila, où es-tu ?
No! No!
Non !
No! No! Melody!
Non ! Melody !
Ah!
Are you... Are you okay?
Ça va ?
No.
Non.
Oh.
♪ Well, one of these days Gonna pay the road... ♪
Oh, fuck.
Putain.
Okay.
OK.
♪ When you're all alone ♪
♪ Out back wishing For the grass to grow... ♪
Let's go home.
Rentrons à la maison.
Autopilot engaged.
Pilotage automatique activé.
Fuck Harlow.
J'emmerde Harlow.
Hey, you know what?
Tu sais quoi ?
I changed my mind, actually. I'll move here with you.
J'ai changé d'avis. J'emménage ici avec toi.
Fuck off.
Va chier.
- Fuck. - No!
- Oh, putain ! - Non !
No! Melody! No!
Non ! Melody !
No!
Non !
No! No!
No! Melody!
No!
No.
Sous-titres : Bruno Mazzocchi
Sous-titres ENG + FRE fusionnés par Zorg2412